---
layout: post
title: "Back on Track"
subtitle: "Now what? "
date: 2023-08-13 07:45:13 -0400
background: 'https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1558877397-9cb93e41a9c1?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2069&q=80'
---
### Hello Friend
Frist of all it really does feel good to be back writing these posts, it feels like the last time I did this was years ago, I even started to forget how write, build and maintain the github repo. It's been two years since I decided to start doing this and man what a great descion was it! throughout the time when I couldn't publish new posts I read most of my old posts and I really felt a lot of different emotions from laughing at how I was stressed about my graduation project to feeling sad remember some special moments and people who were crucial to my journey with this blog but now we don't even talk.

### Again Time Flies
Since 2018 and it's almost like time has been going faster than ever, I cloud swear that all of 202X seems like one long year, so much happened wars, pandamics, coups ...etc. And now 2024 is in like 4 months. 

### New City, New World, New Life
Like many of Sudanese People I left Sudan after the war broke out, I moved to dubai 3 weeks ago, it's funny I arrived here on the same day I was here 2 years ago, once as a tourist and now a refugee life is really weird and unexpected.
Hopefully I'll be able to find some stability and kick-off my career again in a new environment, but it's quite tough for someone without many years of experience yet I'm still confident that I will be able to make the best out of my situation.

So see you around soon (hopefully), this was just me saying hi and gaining momentoum to get back to blogging I even think about making a substack account what do you think?